In our last conversation with Thom Rogers,
we spoke of how the quantum field
can be programmed to eliminate impediments
to both healing bodies and businesses.
In this interview, we speak of the means
by which this programming occurs, scalar waves.
Scalar waves are ubiquitous, little understood
by lay people, and a very powerful force
that works with consciousness
to move a potential into manifestation.
(soft, upbeat music)
So, last time we spoke, we were talking
about invisible information systems
that we're calling scalar waves,
that not only have the capability of,
we can draw on them to heal not only ourselves,
but even our businesses, which is where we picked up
in the last conversation.
But still, almost nobody knows
what a scalar wave is, right?
I don't know.
It's very difficult to define.
Because this is such a powerful element
of how we create everything around us,
everything in the universe is created,
I think it would be really good if you
give us a little primer course in scalar waves.
(chuckles) Well, I don't know how many people
know about scalar waves,
but I would imagine it's a few compared to the population.
Even for myself, you know, I've gone through years
of accumulating bits and pieces of information.
I think before I give a definition--
well, let me give a definition first.
So, Glen Rein, who's a scientist out here in California,
gave a definition that goes something like this.
A scalar wave is a non-electromagnetic field
that carries information and/or other
forms of consciousness, and it's independent
of time and space.
And so that's really a good starting definition
for what a scalar wave might be.
So, really, the key words that I'm picking up there
is it interfaces with consciousness.
It does.
It definitely interfaces with consciousness.
And it's really, in a way,
it's an expression out of consciousness.
So, we're talking about moving beyond
a time space continuum, time and space
as we know it.
The rules don't apply on scalar waves.
That's correct.
Time and space do not apply.
Consciousness does apply.
Well, time and space are independent,
but time plays very heavily into
the formation of scalar waves.
Okay, let's just dive into it.
Let's talk about what scalar waves are,
first of all, when they were even
first noticed on a scientific level,
and how we're utilizing them.
And I know that the people out there
who are listening to this,
who actually have heard of scalar waves,
have probably heard of it
in the context of black ops technology,
more hidden agendas and projects and so forth.
That's not what we're talking about here.
No.
We're going to go into the positive applications of it
after we define what exactly it is.
And I think, by defining it, people will be able
to understand how this could be used
to the better of mankind or for the worse.
Well, we're going to concentrate
on creation and improvement of life,
because that's really what everybody's focus is
and this arena really wants to do.
That immature souls, and I don't really
want to make judgment, but often times
the immature soul needs to find out
how power can be misused,
and sometimes they go down that avenue.
But for this purpose,
and for the purpose of how we're using scalar waves,
first of all, I just want to say,
scalar waves are used in our work
as a reinforcement.
The genius of the whole system
that we utilize in helping a business
accelerate its success,
has to do with the way that we are focusing
on putting information onto the scalar wave.
We're just using it as a carrier wave.
But, that aside, let's talk about
scalar waves in general, too.
You asked about the scientific basis.
Maxwell was a man who lived in the 1800s,
and around the mid-1800s, he speculated
on the idea that there may be such a thing
as what we're now calling a scalar wave.
So, that's its origins.
In the very early 1900s, like 1902,
a man, I think by the name of Haybor,
wrote two articles in papers
and published them as a scientist
on what we now call scalar waves.
But, more exciting, in 1899,
on July 3rd and July 4th,
Nikola Telsa, who most people have heard of
if they're--
Tesla, mmhm, yes, of course.
He demonstrated the existence of scalar waves.
Okay, how did he do this?
The neat thing about referring to Tesla is,
enough people have seen documentaries
and we've seen some of the effects
of the energies he was working with,
so we can get a visual on this.
I think it's hard for people to comprehend
because we can't get a mental visual
of something so pervasive.
That's true.
And invisible.
So, let's pick it up from Tesla, then.
Oh, like I'm going to be able to come up
with all the answers.
(both laugh)
Well, first of all, I wasn't there in 1899.
Right.
When that was done.
Right, right, we'll give you that. (chuckles)
(chuckling) Thank you so much.
And that's just it.
With a scalar wave, you can demonstrate that it exists.
But it's very difficult to
recreate it in such a way that you can prove it.
Because it's coming beyond the dimensions
of everything that we use in physics,
or in science, to measure.
In other words, anything didactic,
or dual, or binary in nature,
that we're using in all of these instruments
to measure all these different forms
of electromagnetic spectrums and outputs of energy,
they're all able to meausre the effect
of what we call, what is called the foam.
It's a layer of foam that goes around the Earth,
and, essentially, it's a metaphor.
It's almost like the shaving cream foam
that you put on your face.
It's the soup of which everything
is being researched and studied about,
but it's only on a level of the surface.
And, if you look deeper and deeper
from which the scalar wave comes from,
this is the universal field.
And this is the field that has unlimited potential.
And so, the only thing that this field
really has is magnitude.
Which, in a sense, could be somewhat measured.
And that's the idea that it can fill space,
and it does so in concentric circles.
It just kind of builds out into space.
But you can't really measure it
so it can't really be proven, okay?
The way that the zero-point theory came about,
which is where this energy comes from,
is that they first took a vacuum,
and they took all the gas out of it,
thinking that they would get to
kind of a bottom-level state.
Kind of a process of elimination,
and what's left is scalar waves.
Well, they still found that,
after they took the gas out, there was still activity.
And then they decided to take all the thermal out,
so they took it down to zero.
You, know, to zero degrees.
And in doing so, everything should have,
by law, just stopped, in the physical laws.
I mean, at that point, nothing
can have movement or exist.
And the physical laws didn't hold up,
because they still found some type of radiation activity.
So at that point, they deduced
that this is all coming in a sea
of this deep, unlimited potential
that we call the zero-point field.
Or, what's being named the zero-point field.
So, I hope that's somewhat clear.
It's somewhat clear.
Let's go back to Tesla.
How did Tesla demonstrate its existence?
What would some of those experiments have been?
He was able to, and this is a little different,
this is going into the applications
of scalar activity.
But he was able to demonstrate an energy
that could be picked up invisibly
as an energy source
in his experiment, as I understand it.
Now, I haven't read every aspect
of how that experiment was conducted.
I don't intened to try to presume.
I don't even know how anybody actually--
I guess he wrote a paper on how he did that.
But one of the things he was doing,
he was showing that energy could be conveyed
from one point to another,
and from this deep field, that would allow
for what he intended to be some type
of a perpetual energy that could be tapped into.
And, that energy could be used to, say,
run the appliances in your home,
and electricity needs, or run your car,
and be, basically, an energy-free system.
Well, that's the holy grail.
I mean, that's what everybody's been looking for.
This source's zero-point energy
and how to harness it, right?
And just to kinda be clear, here,
there's been a number of people
that have already invented and found out
how to utilize and create a perpetual-energy machine,
including Tom Bearden,
who is the most highly recognized name right now,
of a proponent of scalar technologies.
And, so, these do exist.
And for one purpose or another,
they have not been allowed to be brought into
the production utilization for peoples here.
There's interests that have conflicts with this,
and there may be a timing in the universe
where this isn't quite ready.
Didn't he even put a schematic of the device
out on the internet so anybody could have access to it?
I believe he did, and I believe
that many people have the technologies now.
He has built one, I know, and demonstrated it.
So, Tesla, his work kinda got buried
after 50-60 years after he died,
but then it's resurfaced again,
and people have started to figure this all out again,
to the point where we are at now.
So it's interesting.
It's very interesting.
Can we go back to the consciousness
interface component of scalar waves,
as best you can articulate it?
Well, we've all heard that e=MC squared.
That means energy equals the mass of an object,
times the speed of light in centimeters squared.
If you could figure out how many that is.
That's what Einstein decided, and everybody
heralded it as, this is truth.
And, so, as a great amount of energy
gets liberated at a mass,
this is something that you can actually see, okay?
With scalar wave technology,
it comes out of time, basically.
Actually, the scalar waves circumvent,
or go into hyperspace around the space component.
It comes out of time.
And it's a collapsing of time in some way
that can extract energy, and the energy
that can be extracted from the collapse of time
is enormous, compared to the energy
that can be generated from mass.
So, that's a very signifcant thing.
The other things that I can share with you
about scalar is that it's three to five times
stronger than an electromagnetic field.
And it's designed to be able to hold up through,
without any time or, being a factor of eroding it,
or space and distance being a factor.
So, basically, it doesn't decay.
It continues intact.
And it goes faster than the speed of light.
Scalar Waves.
Okay.
So, in other words, the communication,
in the way that we're using it
with our businesses, it's instantaneous.
It's an instantaneous communication
of information that we laden onto the scalar wave.
It's basically instantaneously communicated
because there is no restriction in speed.
Well, this would bring up
a thousand different questions.
I'm sure.
I mean, we want to stay with,
I wouldn't mind using the consciousness
in the way you're talking about,
but what it's bringing to mind
is incidences that have been considered miracles.
I mean, the miraculous happens all the time, right?
Mm hm.
And we see this often in
spontaneous healings, for example, that happen.
And sometimes, I know there's specific modalities
where you collapse time and space
in a healing process.
Mm hm.
It seems that what we're talking about
in each of these instances
is probably scalar wave activity.
It's been, uh--
Combined with intention.
It's been pretty much confirmed
that when you have a true healing energy
that's taking place out of a human being,
that there are things that happen,
that the closest representation
that you can actually attribute to these,
what we call miracle events of healing,
are coming out of the scalar field.
And that's what people have started
to come to an assumption on.
So, it's a field of pure potential.
It is.
That comes out of time.
Beyond time--
Beyond time.
That moves beyond time,
which, time is very negotiable,
as we know now, and it is,
the effect is in direct response to the intention.
Yes, that's correct.
I mean, how you intend--
Yes.
What your intention is can get magnified
using scalar activity.
Okay.
And that's one of the things,
we have five foundations to our business, really.
And one of them is intention.
Yes, very much so.
So, we're looking at everything possible to enhance,
and one of the things that the
scalar wave has afforded us the opportunity of,
thanks to Dr. Feinberg's
input into bringing this into our utilization,
is the technology itself can be reproduced,
and it can be repeated over and over and over,
to drive in deeper the intention.
So, the way that we're using it
is on a repetitive basis, the scalar wave technology,
so that we're using it as
a method of reinforcement.
And so, the component that is
invariably being used is this time aspect
of the time space continuum?
I feel, from all I've read, and understand,
that the time component seems to be
where it's being drawn from.
And you can't see time, so--
Right.
there's nothing visible to the senses
that can compute this.
And it's not linear.
It's simply its own force, or dimension.
It comes out of its own universe,
and they talk about the scalar--
by the way, there's different names
for scalar waves.
They call it non-Hertzian wave.
In other words, we measure everything in Hertz
on the electromagnetic spectrum.
They call it quantum fields.
Yes, quantum fields,
of which, I think most people are
more familar with that term.
And Tesla waves,
they refer to it as Tesla waves.
And longitudinal waves.
Longitudinal waves.
And I've even read at points
where they're tachyon energy.
Is tachyon, is that?
Well, I hate to bring it up.
It's been used as a synonym to a scalar wave,
and I'm not really sure, exactly,
if that's true or not.
But it's possibly another synonym.
But, essentially, this is the quantum field
that everybody's talking about.
Exactly.
That almost all fields of science
are converging upon this quantum field
for understanding of the interface
of intention and consciousness
with the manifestation of something
into the physical reality.
When we talk about
the manifestation of this field,
we're talking about the optimal potential
that exists for a human or an organization
to be able to draw upon this
for their source of productivity and their flow.
So you're taking potential flows
and turning them into, actually, reality flows.
Another name for the field, by the way,
is neutrino fields.
Neutrino, right.
Now, let's talk about that
for just a moment.
All right.
Neutrinos are subatomic particles.
And they travel at faster
than the speed of light.
When they start to slow down
to the speed of light,
they're now called "photons."
Okay.
And when the photons slow down
to below the speed of light,
they're now called "electrons."
So it's just a step-down process.
It is a step-down process.
of the scalar wave.
A manifestation, okay?
A manifestation, that's really key.
And, I really want to make this point here,
because this whole process,
as energy gets stepped down,
it means it actually can be utilized
in the form of fields.
I talked about fields the last time,
in our last interview.
Yeah.
And, basically, what I said there,
to recap real quickly, was that
the entire space that exists
is mostly just space.
It would appear to the eye.
Because, when you didact down
electron and neutron, it's all space.
It's mostly space, there's almost no matter.
And now they've taken down these particles
into subatomic particles that make them up,
and they're mostly space.
And it gets down to the point
where they're really, in truth,
even though we can't see it as easily
through our physical senses,
but in truth, there really is no matter.
There's no materialism.
Materialism died a long time ago.
It's been proved by physics.
Right.
And so, with the understanding
that there really is no form,
and that the form that we all see
is a perceptual illusion, or perception only,
this makes it possible and pliable
to make changes into life.
Beneficial changes.
And so, what we're working with is fields.
We're working with fields.
And this is the energy
that's getting stepped down
that we call upon to intention,
through focus and our connection
that we can call upon to bring down
from the neutrino to the quantum phase of photon,
and then down into the electron.
And the manifestation of those electrons
into orbits that would allow for changes
in the, what we call human density,
or human life here.
So, what drives the stepping-down process
from the subatomic particle phase, right?
From the neutrino, down into the electron,
down into physical matter.
Is that our intention?
It is.
And, it's not the scalar wave so much
as it is our intention.
We are the power.
The power is within us.
Right.
I mean, everybody's heard this little expression,
you can light up New York City, maybe,
with the cells of the thumb of your finger,
and you could do this for maybe a week.
There's so much energy that could
be liberated, possibly.
Well, out of the scalar field,
there's so much energy that could be liberated
as well, and more so.
So, you know, the unlimited supply of energy exists,
and it's basically, in our case,
in our company, it's the facilitator,
and the consciousness that they hold,
and how they see things.
And the consciousness technology that we utilize
in our work,
that brings forth these possibilities to take place.
And the fact that we're seeing these
gives us, basically, a template
that we can operate off of.
And this template is called--
well, it's been given different names, but,
it's like a principle of formative causation,
where you can actually get into, and see,
and feel, and understand the manifestation of life
through our own eyes.
I mean, we can actually get so close
to the nature of this process
through the principles of formative causation,
which we are able to demonstrate to ourselves
with the work that we do.
And this is how we are able to impact,
you know, a transformation of a business,
or an individual health, if that may be the application.
Right. So, this really is the holy grail
when it comes to, as many of the more
"pop" books and such,
that have come out recently,
having to do with manifestation,
how to get what you want in life, and so forth,
which are really kind of basic in their nature.
The reality is, the potential of
what we are able to bring into life,
bring into our world, is virtually unlimited,
if our perceptions were unlimited.
Is that correct?
Essentially, if we took the blinders off
and understood what we were capable of,
what the field was capable of,
we'd be almost unstoppable
in our ability to manifest?
Well, it feels like that's what we're doing,
more and more.
I mean, we're put here on the earth
to learn lessons and to go through experiences,
and to have a deeper appreciation
of ourself as a being.
And we also are here to demonstrate
that we are part of the formative nature of the universe.
And one of the ways that we can
experience that within our self
is through our ability to manifest,
or to bring forth results.
In a company, it's its goals.
In an individual it may be self-realization.
Whatever a person has chosen for their life,
we do have the ability to bring forth these things,
and I believe that the more
that we can demonstrate this idea
that we can bring forth what it is that we require
for our well-being, and our health,
and our life and business,
and how that can be used to benefit others.
I think that's part of our lessons
and our enfoldment.
And, so, it really comes down to
establishing new belief systems, in a way,
in terms of our potential as human beings.
And those belief systems change
as the human processing errors
underlying those beliefs change.
And, pretty much, that's what we--
Human processing errors, I love it. (laughs)
Yeah, human processing errors.
Or the information fault structures--
Or programs, or belief systems, or whatever.
And we call them informational fault structures
underlying illusionary constructs.
Illusionary constructs.
That would give rise to such.
You know, one of the things
that happen in a business,
is that it gets attuned,
or an individual gets attuned to things,
but they may not be for their highest good.
I mean, you may be attuned to alcohol,
and you think it's great,
but that attunement may not be your
best possible attunement.
Right.
And there's many different things
that we could become attuned to,
so the idea is, what's keeping us attuned
to the things that really aren't serving us anymore?
And, usually, it's the underlying
informational fault structure,
which is what we focus on pretty significantly
with working with a company.
So, let's talk about,
now we're understanding that this is a,
almost a magnifier, or a booster,
for our consciousness, in terms of
whatever we're choosing to create in our lives.
And so, in this case, we're talking about businesses.
We already interviewed Dr. Leslie Feinberg,
who talked about how this same technology
can be used to heal some rather critical conditions
in pretty much anything in the human body.
It doesn't seem to have any limitations.
Right.
But, you're saying, as we said in the last interview,
this can go to any entity,
meaning where there's consciousness
that's been put into place,
such as a business.
The same principles can go to healing business, right?
Mm hm. And instead of working
on biological systems, and looking at that
as the main focus, we look at other aspects.
Organizational systems, we look at
what we call morphic fields, that have come
from Rupert Sheldrake's work,
and our belief is that, if you can
take the goals of a company,
the mission of a company, its vision,
the qualities of other companies it most admires,
its foundational principles,
and also to shift any concerns into goals.
And we can get these at 100% alignment
and attunement to a business,
and bringing all these, what we call
morphic fields, or foundational principles,
into 100% attunement, that business
has a far, far greater success potential.
It really forces the players,
the principles in a business, to have to
look at their genuine intention,
and their genuine belief systems.
I mean, this really forces the issue, doesn't it?
Very much so.
You know, I hope I didn't say this
in the last interview, because
I wouldn't want to repeat anything, necessarily,
but this idea of a sports player.
When they can actually achieve
another 2% onto their stats,
whether it be free throws, or field shots,
or rebounds, or whatever, assists.
When they can get a little increase
in their actual high performance already,
it's not a little.
It's like running from the 4-minute mile
down to the 3.98-minute mile.
It's, like, a major thing.
But once that happens,
it's enough to carry a team into many more victories
that maybe it wouldn't have experienced.
And, same with a business.
If you can get it into its highest
optimal potential alignment,
we're talking about alignment.
Alignment within all the individuals
within that entity of the business.
And we can get the business entity itself
into its own alignment, and its growth,
then, basically, you have a much greater chance
to put wind into the sails, so to speak,
of your vehicle.
Makes total sense.
But first, they have to get past,
as you were talking about earlier,
there are erroneous attunements.
There are.
And let's talk about what happens in businesses
along the line of erroneous attunements.
Well, there's tens of thousands,
hundreds of thousands, and businesses--
What does that mean?
What does an erroneous attunement
in business actually mean?
Erroneous would be something
that's not serving itself towards
its objectives of growth,
or its goals to be met, or its mission
to be realized.
And so, it could be, let's say,
I don't want to pick on any corporations right now,
that wouldn't be, probably, wise,
but there's a large company that went through
a recent experience with the FDC, for instance.
And they had a couple incidences
that they had to go through,
at great expense to their company,
and that, in a sense, could have become
a trauma to them, in terms of
future choices, and future awarenesses
that they would have.
Now, with good discrimination,
a lot of times, they might not choose
to go down a road that they did before,
based on that experience.
But that experience also could be
an erroneous processing situation
in the company, an erroneous, what did we say,
an erroneous attunement to the company
in the sense that they would be attuned
to either the failure or the difficulty
that that brought to the company,
both financially or emotionally.
And that could be weighing upon the company.
And that's just one tiny, tiny little example of--
What would something rather mundane be,
in a Mom and Pop, say, grocery store,
that might be failing?
Or maybe isn't thriving as much as it could be?
What would be some recognizable
everyday erroneous attunements?
Well, I don't know if they're recognizable,
because illusions are kind of illusions,
in the sense of, it might be a belief system that they have.
You can go back to beliefs with this.
It might be a belief that they have,
like, it's not good to make money,
because their grandparents told them that,
or something.
Or that you're never going to amount to anything.
That's a belief that, that could be
being played out, and the store not doing as well.
And that's deeply subconscious,
for the most part.
Deeply.
Well, subconscious, right.
In the sense that they're not aware of it.
Not to mean that the subconscious isn't aware.
Right, right. It's hyper-aware.
Right, yeah.
But another example might be,
and this is a little bit more abstractual,
but, people have heard of bandwidth in technology?
Yes.
And the amount of through-put of energy
that go through lines and stuff,
for the use of data equipment, and all.
And there's also a bandwidth for finance,
and financial streams and flows
through an organization.
For instance, if we had checked their company,
it might be that they have a bandwidth
in the very, very low range of what's possible.
And our idea is to get the bandwidth
in a very high range,
and we do that by clearing the informational faults
of which they're erroneously attuned to.
Mm hm. So, those faults are actually
blocking the flow of the vital life force, or energy,
to the mission of that company.
Very much so.
That's the core of it, really.
I mean, once you can clear and re-unify
with the source of creation, you know,
and let go of a lot of this stuff,
and that's our function as a company.
We're really an unparalleled company,
in the sense that nobody's quite done
what we are able to do to accelerate a momentum.
And, what we do, what we bring into a company,
we can do a lot in terms of changing
the underlying constructs that are
compromising a company from having
more optimal flow and more optimal outcome.
You also talk about duality.
Where does that fit in?
Well, again, that goes back to the idea
of that foam idea.
Duality is, of course, it's kind of a,
we think, it seems like a great reality in this world,
because everything we experience
has those components in it.
But, really, as a facilitator in this work,
our job is to look at life
through this undifferentiated stream,
basically, a potential in possibility.
And, if you look, in the scalar wave,
they call it a standing wave.
And they caught that it has, basically,
it's still.
It's a still point.
And they see no movement.
And they talk about these things.
But that, actually, is part of duality,
and if you go deeper into the quantum fields,
you'll see that, behind that stillpoint,
are teeming life, greater than anything
that you could imagine in electromagnetic field spectrum.
Just teeming with life,
and it just so happens that there are
certain vectors and things that silence,
when the scalar wave comes out,
it silences that, to make it look like it's motionless.
But when you go down and probe in deeper,
it's just teeming with life, that's all I can say.
It's so much life and so much energy.
Is this what's also been referred to
as, "the plenum"?
Or that term, "plenum"?
Give me your definition.
I've heard of that word a number of times.
It seems, well, that's just a free association in my mind.
It seems we're talking about the same thing here.
Most likely.
That, quote, "vacuum" that's teeming with life.
Mm hm.
So, okay, now let's--
By the way,
I just wanted to point out that
there's coils in the way
that you generate a scalar wave.
They generate from, I didn't mention this earlier,
but there's two electromagnetic waves
that kind of come together,
and they have identical frequencies,
and the frequencies meet.
Sometimes, where coils wrap around,
but they meet, and they cancel each other.
And that's what generates a scalar activity.
It's one of the ways they try
to do it from this level.
To generate it.
And my point is, you can generate this
in the form of, what they call,
a mobius coil, that's a scientific word
to describe a shape.
The point is, is that, in our DNA,
we have these coils.
I was going to say,
We have thousands of these
coils in our DNA.
And it's speculated, you know,
it's not been proven, but it's speculated,
that our DNA actually is giving off scalar communication
to provide for the blueprint of our own life.
That would make sense.
Yeah, and so, it's just an interesting point.
That's a very interesting point.
So, we get back to these ubiquitous spirals.
Yeah. (laughs)
Okay, let's talk about the actual
physical application of the scalar waves
and what you do, besides the fact
that you are working with the consciousness
of the business innately, and you
go through a process.
It's kind of a self-analysis,
but also a Q & A,in which you dredge up
the genuine drives and motivations
that the principle players have
regarding the company, and you start
seeing where the faults are.
And so, once this has been done,
and you actually start employing the technology
that you're utilizing,
you have a little device, which is a scalar wave.
Right.
What is it?
Is it a broadcaster, booster, what would you call that?
Well, we call it an antennae.
And we also give it a name called, "the Zinger."
(laughs)
The Zinger, okay.
Now, what is this--
let's talk about the technological interface,
of what you're doing, and this little device,
and the client.
Well, I didn't actually have a discussion
with the man who created this,
but he created it from specifications
that he was able to learn
from others who have passed on knowledge, I'm sure.
And, we have both a tiny little scalar antennae,
and then we have a larger antennae.
And, there's, yeah.
Here. Go ahead and show
the little scalar to the camera.
This is the little one right here.
Looks like a little Tinker Toy set.
It does! It doesn't look like
it would be doing all that magic!
No, doesn't look like it, does it?
And then, in my own office,
we have a little larger scale,
just in case you need a little bit more
"oomph" to get out.
Some people say it may not be necessary,
but we work with companies around the world,
so we want to make sure we have
a little extra "oomph."
So, basically, what we've done is,
we have a computer program,
that was designed through
neuromodulation Dr. Feinberg, and
we were able to create this program
in such a form that we can download it
onto an MP3 at the end of the session
that we have with her business.
And in this program is contained the goals,
and everything that the business
wants to manifest as subject matter,
and all the different pathways
that were required to bring this company
to 100% of its optimal potential are included.
They're selected during the process.
And all the things that we have, that we believe,
such as our foundational principles,
of which every business could be attuned to,
would have greater success.
And they're all put into this MP3 file,
which, then, we download,
and send to the customer,
and they're able to play it in their office,
or on their MP3 players if they're traveling
away from their office.
And this allows them, in between our visits,
to reinforce the whole intention
of the process, and to reinforce
the outcome probabilities
that our work will do
with helping the company reformulate.
We've had companies tell us,
that, when they are playing it, most if the employees,
because they are kind of tuned in and knowing,
they'll come up and say,
"yeah, I know it's going on."
They can feel it.
So many people.
And when it's not going on,
they come up and say,
"Did you put that on today?" and no.
So, there is a perceptibility on some level by people.
And, they have a happy feeling
when it's being played.
And, myself, even for the development of OMI,
we've utilized this process to help
allow for its growth to take place, too.
Let's talk about some of the companies.
I mean, these are very highly-developed protocols
that have taken place.
And they've been developed over years.
Yes.
And you're constantly refining and refining the process.
And, even since we last spoke,
you're starting to see a quicker result
in the effects, as a result of the refinement
of the protocols, in conjunction with the scalar waves?
Mm hm. Our intention as a company
is to bring the most potent, viable means
of being able to upstart,
or not necessarily upstart,
but infuse a new life of energy
into the companies that we work with,
to allow for greater outcomes
along the lines that they envision.
Can you give us a couple of examples
of, in recent times, what you've seen
by way of, sort of, spontaneous combustion?
Well, yeah, I can.
We have a wonderful company
we've been working with up in New York state.
And they're a large health facility,
they're not a smaller Mom-and-Pop operation,
and one of the things that they're doing,
and their work is spinal decompression,
and they're doing other things as well,
in their practices.
Very healthy business.
And even during this big, huge economic downturn,
they were making choices,
and we've been working with them,
and they had exponential increases in their revenues
during the time that we started working with them.
And they even went out and bought
additional spinal decompression chambers,
which come at a very, very high cost.
They were so confident in their business.
And that business is feeding
into other businesses, so they were really
having a very good outcome.
They knew, beyond any shadow of a doubt,
that what we were doing
was really facilitating them along.
They actually referred another company,
up in Maine, which we started working with.
This company had lost money, successively,
for the last three years,
and each year, lost more than the year before.
They just didn't see any hope in sight,
but they were, of course,
still working their business.
And, we started working with them, and,
I think it was by the second month
that we checked in with them,
and everything was starting to turn around
by the third month.
And, ever since, we've followed their tracks
for months now, they've been doing
successfully better than ever in the months before.
I mean, their whole volume
has increased and turned around.
And they know.
They know it's from the work that we did.
I mean, they just know that
that was a missing ingredient
that helped make a turnaround for them.
So, we work with companies
to help them turn around,
or companies that just want to
just keep doing better and better.
Because this is really about success,
and success is about being able
to be a good manifester.
Absolutely. And you're bringing up a point
that I think is worth going into a little bit
broader discussion about, because of the times.
We've been in a severe economic downturn.
No one's actually seeing an end in sight
any time soon for it.
Now, this brings about the concept
of the field of consciousness
in our collective beliefs.
And our collective beliefs, globally, really,
have been to go into fear, and go into a state
of lack, and want, and fear
around being able to manifest financially.
How...
How much is our very fear of this actually
propelling this recessionary state forward?
Well, I'm sure, quite a lot.
I'm sure it's a huge factor.
I mean, the psychology of the public,
combined public, is everything in this country,
because it's got so much debt going on,
the only thing people can do
is possibly generate sales and retail
to keep everything alive,
because that's been its big, strong, forte.
Basically, it's the consumer.
And that's been pretty widely known,
that the mood of the public can really affect huge.
You know, everything in growth,
everything moves toward love,
and moves toward life.
This is where the cells have
the happiest participation,
and this is where all the movement goes.
It's pretty amazing.
It's just the way it is.
So, we work with individuals,
and if they're in fear states, again,
those are attunements, and they may
be coming out of their beliefs, or just
things that they've taken on from other people,
or certain individuals in the company.
We had a company just recently.
They were doing pretty well.
And then, all of the sudden,
they come out and say,
"I want to double our goals,
"and I want to do this within one or two months."
And it's like, really?
Okay, you want to double your goals
and achieve this within one or two months?
So I said okay.
And, you know, the smaller amount of time we have,
the more resistance it shows up.
Yes.
And one of the things I'm always so good at
is being able to decrease the resistance
so that it can see the success take place.
Well, we worked with this company,
and they started having
everything on earth show up, (laughs)
that was in the way.
I mean, I could go through all the blocks
that came up for this person,
to the point where, one day,
she came in and she said,
the owner of the company, she said,
"I can't even get the phone
"from the cradle, up to my ear.
"I feel like there's so much thick molasses."
And here's a lady, you know,
closing 50 accounts a month.
So this is extreme resistance.
What we found is,
that they worked through all the hurdles,
and the last one that we had to find,
it looked like the last one, any way,
was, they said, "oh, but on the good side
"we finally hired the two people
"that we'd really been looking for
"for a long time, and now they're on our team.
"And they're just starting."
And I said, "well, that's interesting.
"Let's take a look."
And the company alignment was
all the way down to, like, 5%.
And it wasn't the owners.
The owners were up there.
It was the individuals new.
They were at, like, 1% or 2% aligned
with the company goals,
because they were brand new,
and they were bringing their own
subconscious past with them.
Which might be, "we can't do that
"in one or two months," for example.
Maybe.
I mean, just that belief system alone.
Maybe, it's hard to say, exactly.
And so, once we discovered
that that was the source
of a lot of this resistance, then we just
went to the individuals,
asked for their permission,
and then we included them in the next
company attunement, and voila!
And what happened?
It's turning around.
I don't have the final,
but it feels like everything
It is turning around.
Yeah. It feels like it from the last
input I had from the company.
We'll see them again, so.
How do you view the big picture, then?
Because you're dealing, you're interfacing with companies
and their financial growth issues?
Right.
About when you look at the
anabolic and catabolic aspects to life,
I mean, things grow, there's life, there's night.
You know, dark and light, and so forth.
How do you view this on a large scale?
Because this would appear to be
a catabolic period of time,
in terms of the dying off of the cells
that aren't working for the organism any longer.
Yeah, in a sense, you might be able
to look at it that way.
Purging and pruning of the systems.
Well, change happens.
That's just part of life.
And being able to go with the change
also is a huge thing.
It's a huge thing.
Are you finding this?
You're having to do a lot deeper work
with people on this level
to overcome these kinds of concerns?
Well, the companies we're dealing with,
mostly, are doing pretty good.
That's great.
I would like to do an update.
We were working with an investment group
out in New York City,
Oh, yeah, I remember that.
Well, they went into this period--
I haven't talked to you since then,
but they went into this period,
like all the other,
and I got play-by-play feedback
coming out of them,
as to what was going on,
and it was like a horror show.
If you've ever lived in a horror show before,
that's exactly what was going on
for all these investment people in New York City.
And, these guys stuck true to the philosophy
that they had developed over time,
and we continued with their attunements
on a monthly basis.
And, not only did we increase their goals
a little bit, during the time
when everything was looking really sad,
but we gave them, I think,
enough extra strength as well,
because every moment, they didn't know
what was going to happen.
Were they gonna leave the company?
They didn't know what was going to
happen to the markets.
Most of the investors and other groups were leaving.
And everything was changing so rapidly.
Well, they made it through this period.
And, not only did they make it
through the period, they only went down
about 8% on the total holdings.
You're kidding.
So, all their investors are really happy
that they were saved through this team.
And this team went on to become
just, like, middle to low middle average,
on the whole totem of traders
out of this large investment company.
In fact, this is the largest investment company
in the world today, that they worked for.
And they went on to become, for a couple months,
like, number two.
And they're now in the top 5%
of all the investment traders for this entity,
which is the worldwide leader now in investment.
That's amazing.
So, I know we had some input in there.
You can never didact out how much,
because there's so many different influences,
but I think they know, and we know,
there was something good that's been happening
as a result of our work with them.
That would certainly appear to be true.
So, working with people now,
as people are looking at,
how do I restructure my business, my life?
Do I get out of this?
Do I start something new to respond
to the new times?
Is a lot of your work now about
helping people understand, if they didn't already,
the need for really deep change,
fundamental changes that they
had never considered before.
Is that part of it?
Well, usually those changes
become known to them more quickly.
When you discontinue false attunements,
or attunements to processing errors
that are no longer necessary,
and they can be released,
there's a whole spontaneous awareness.
That's part of our beauty of our work,
is, we do work in consciousness
and in awareness, and help support them.
And we work with them, with their new goals,
we work in being with them,
when they're looking at their goals.
And the goals, of course, determine the direction
that they're taking things in.
And then we look at all the resistance factors
to the attunement and realization of the goals,
including what we call now, goal realization. (chuckles)
So, in effect, it really doesn't matter
what's going on, in a sense,
in the world at large.
The field of potential, the scalar field--
Is there. And that's where the--
Is still there, and can be utilized.
It's where you're focusing your intention.
And there's a lot of places you can
put your attention these days,
and big beliefs that you have
about the outcome of society,
or life in general, or business,
a lot of it has to do with where
you're putting your intention.
And, granted, you may be in a market,
and the consumers are putting their intention
on fear and contraction,
so they don't buy your product.
But it doesn't stop you from going forward,
and this is the time to create more muscle
to do whatever has to be done
to generate your company's continuation,
and survival, and getting through the experience.
And, it's just a matter of focus.
Some companies are meant to just die off, you know?
Right, that's part of that process, too.
Yeah, you--
It's dead wood in society.
Right, you go with what's true and real.
And you can kinda tell, you know,
what's going on with a company.
Some companies, you don't try
to put all the pieces back together.
But you can support them
in the conclusion of whatever they're doing,
if that's where they see the writings on the wall.
You can provide a really good support
for that transition, and for
their next stage of enfoldment.
We've seen that happen, too.
So it doesn't really have to be
about devastation, even in the harshest
of economic times?
It's really more about a reformation.
Mm hm. Yup.
And new opportunities.
There's always new beginnings
and opportunities knocking.
Also, I want to mention the Law of Floatation.
The Law of Floatation was, basically,
kinda discovered back in the time,
in the yesteryears of Europe, when they
used to use metal for armor,
and the boat was made out of wood,
because wood floated and metal sank.
And that, at some point,
many hundred years later, somebody said,
"You know, maybe it's not that.
"Maybe it's displacement.
"Maybe if we displace the water,
"we can make metal float."
And, sure enough! (chuckles)
We have great metal boats these days.
And that was stepping outside the box,
so to speak, and looking at life
from a different viewpoint
to gain advantage, or to gain favor.
And to come with new creation,
new possibility, and, basically,
that's what OMI is.
We're in a frontier.
We're kind of opening the doors
for people to see these things.
And, bit by bit, as they see them,
they see how they work,
they realize that there is this quantum field,
and there is this whole potential manifestation,
that they are not taking full use of,
by any means.
Getting an energetic flow to a company
is like getting your house in order.
If you don't put some emphasis
on getting things cleaned up in the company,
you can have all these departments
projecting with adverse energy
toward other departments, and
these projections can just stop the flow.
You can have people focusing on
drawing out the best out of a person,
or putting them down, and trying
to keep things the way they were.
And there's just so many different ways
that you can put your attention.
The other thing is that,
because we work with all people, places,
and things in a company,
there is a common sense of,
that you can have a greater achievement
when you put these aspects into
greater resonance with each other.
And that's what we do.
Absolutely.
Because then we get into what is called
the "Theory of Entanglement",
the science of entanglement,
and you can't get away from the fact
that we are all entangled.
So, if one part isn't working,
or is working in a different consciousness
than the other, it is going to affect the whole.
And it sounds like you have systems
well in place to be able to answer that.
And, again, I thank you so much
for sharing this with us.
I'm sure many people are going to be
looking at their businesses in a new way.
Well, I hope they do,
because there's so much that they
can take advantage of.
And for not much on their end, it can serve them.
Yes, thank you Tom.
You're welcome.
If you'd like to check into this technology,
you can reach Tom at OptimalModification.com.
Meanwhile, to delve into
the physical healing ramifications
of this technology, you might enjoy our interview
with Tom's mentor, Dr. Leslie Feinberg.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(soothing music)